c:\users\ostap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\StudyingForDummies\StudyingForDummies\bin\Debug\StudyingForDummies.exe.config
c:\users\ostap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\StudyingForDummies\StudyingForDummies\bin\Debug\StudyingForDummies.exe
c:\users\ostap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\StudyingForDummies\StudyingForDummies\bin\Debug\StudyingForDummies.pdb
c:\users\ostap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\StudyingForDummies\StudyingForDummies\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\ostap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\StudyingForDummies\StudyingForDummies\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\ostap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\StudyingForDummies\StudyingForDummies\obj\Debug\StudyingForDummies.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ostap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\StudyingForDummies\StudyingForDummies\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\ostap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\StudyingForDummies\StudyingForDummies\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\ostap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\StudyingForDummies\StudyingForDummies\obj\Debug\StudyingForDummies_Content.g.cs
c:\users\ostap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\StudyingForDummies\StudyingForDummies\obj\Debug\StudyingForDummies_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\ostap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\StudyingForDummies\StudyingForDummies\obj\Debug\StudyingForDummies_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\ostap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\StudyingForDummies\StudyingForDummies\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\ostap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\StudyingForDummies\StudyingForDummies\obj\Debug\StudyingForDummies.g.resources
c:\users\ostap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\StudyingForDummies\StudyingForDummies\obj\Debug\StudyingForDummies.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\ostap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\StudyingForDummies\StudyingForDummies\obj\Debug\StudyingForDummies.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\ostap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\StudyingForDummies\StudyingForDummies\obj\Debug\StudyingForDummies.exe
c:\users\ostap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\StudyingForDummies\StudyingForDummies\obj\Debug\StudyingForDummies.pdb
c:\users\ostap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\StudyingForDummies\StudyingForDummies\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll
c:\users\ostap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\StudyingForDummies\StudyingForDummies\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll
c:\users\ostap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\StudyingForDummies\StudyingForDummies\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll
c:\users\ostap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\StudyingForDummies\StudyingForDummies\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\ostap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\StudyingForDummies\StudyingForDummies\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\ostap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\StudyingForDummies\StudyingForDummies\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.pdb
c:\users\ostap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\StudyingForDummies\StudyingForDummies\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml
c:\users\ostap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\StudyingForDummies\StudyingForDummies\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.pdb
c:\users\ostap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\StudyingForDummies\StudyingForDummies\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml
c:\users\ostap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\StudyingForDummies\StudyingForDummies\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.pdb
c:\users\ostap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\StudyingForDummies\StudyingForDummies\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.xml
c:\users\ostap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\StudyingForDummies\StudyingForDummies\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\ostap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\StudyingForDummies\StudyingForDummies\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
C:\Users\Coder\Source\Repos\StudyingForDummies\StudyingForDummies\bin\Debug\StudyingForDummies.exe.config
C:\Users\Coder\Source\Repos\StudyingForDummies\StudyingForDummies\bin\Debug\StudyingForDummies.exe
C:\Users\Coder\Source\Repos\StudyingForDummies\StudyingForDummies\bin\Debug\StudyingForDummies.pdb
C:\Users\Coder\Source\Repos\StudyingForDummies\StudyingForDummies\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll
C:\Users\Coder\Source\Repos\StudyingForDummies\StudyingForDummies\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll
C:\Users\Coder\Source\Repos\StudyingForDummies\StudyingForDummies\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll
C:\Users\Coder\Source\Repos\StudyingForDummies\StudyingForDummies\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
C:\Users\Coder\Source\Repos\StudyingForDummies\StudyingForDummies\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Coder\Source\Repos\StudyingForDummies\StudyingForDummies\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
C:\Users\Coder\Source\Repos\StudyingForDummies\StudyingForDummies\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.pdb
C:\Users\Coder\Source\Repos\StudyingForDummies\StudyingForDummies\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml
C:\Users\Coder\Source\Repos\StudyingForDummies\StudyingForDummies\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.pdb
C:\Users\Coder\Source\Repos\StudyingForDummies\StudyingForDummies\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml
C:\Users\Coder\Source\Repos\StudyingForDummies\StudyingForDummies\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.pdb
C:\Users\Coder\Source\Repos\StudyingForDummies\StudyingForDummies\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.xml
C:\Users\Coder\Source\Repos\StudyingForDummies\StudyingForDummies\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
C:\Users\Coder\Source\Repos\StudyingForDummies\StudyingForDummies\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
C:\Users\Coder\Source\Repos\StudyingForDummies\StudyingForDummies\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Coder\Source\Repos\StudyingForDummies\StudyingForDummies\obj\Debug\StudyingForDummies.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Coder\Source\Repos\StudyingForDummies\StudyingForDummies\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Coder\Source\Repos\StudyingForDummies\StudyingForDummies\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Coder\Source\Repos\StudyingForDummies\StudyingForDummies\obj\Debug\StudyingForDummies_Content.g.cs
C:\Users\Coder\Source\Repos\StudyingForDummies\StudyingForDummies\obj\Debug\StudyingForDummies_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Coder\Source\Repos\StudyingForDummies\StudyingForDummies\obj\Debug\StudyingForDummies_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Coder\Source\Repos\StudyingForDummies\StudyingForDummies\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Coder\Source\Repos\StudyingForDummies\StudyingForDummies\obj\Debug\StudyingForDummies.g.resources
C:\Users\Coder\Source\Repos\StudyingForDummies\StudyingForDummies\obj\Debug\StudyingForDummies.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Coder\Source\Repos\StudyingForDummies\StudyingForDummies\obj\Debug\StudyingForDummies.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Coder\Source\Repos\StudyingForDummies\StudyingForDummies\obj\Debug\StudyingForDummies.exe
C:\Users\Coder\Source\Repos\StudyingForDummies\StudyingForDummies\obj\Debug\StudyingForDummies.pdb
C:\Users\Coder\Source\Repos\StudyingForDummies\StudyingForDummies\bin\Debug\Resources\practical_txt.html
C:\Users\Coder\Source\Repos\StudyingForDummies\StudyingForDummies\bin\Debug\Resources\theory_txt.html
C:\Users\Coder\Source\Repos\StudyingForDummies\StudyingForDummies\bin\Debug\Resources\Keys.json
C:\Users\Coder\Source\Repos\StudyingForDummies\StudyingForDummies\bin\Debug\Resources\Questions.json
C:\Users\Coder\Source\Repos\StudyingForDummies\StudyingForDummies\bin\Debug\Resources\child_form_ordering.png
C:\Users\Coder\Source\Repos\StudyingForDummies\StudyingForDummies\bin\Debug\Resources\child_on_parent_form.png
C:\Users\Coder\Source\Repos\StudyingForDummies\StudyingForDummies\bin\Debug\Resources\multiple_child_selection.png
C:\Users\Coder\Source\Repos\StudyingForDummies\StudyingForDummies\bin\Debug\Resources\multiple_child_tile_horizontal.png
C:\Users\Coder\Source\Repos\StudyingForDummies\StudyingForDummies\bin\Debug\Resources\multiple_child_tile_vertical.png
C:\Users\Coder\Source\Repos\StudyingForDummies\StudyingForDummies\bin\Debug\Resources\parent_form.png
C:\Users\Coder\Source\Repos\StudyingForDummies\StudyingForDummies\bin\Debug\Resources\parent_form_opened.png
